you know over the last I don't know 400
years or so the story of Thanksgiving
hasn't changed much we we learn it in
school and it's fine but this year we
wanted to spice it up so we got in touch
with the fifth grade class at mar-a-lago
Country Day School in Palm Beach and we
flew them all west to present for the
first time ever the story of friendship
and gratitude that is now known as the
first Trump's giving kids in the year
1620 the first pilgrims boarded their
private yacht christened the Mayflower
and went on a five-star cruise to
Plymouth Massachusetts we're gonna put
the golf course right here so Joe right
here in Carnaby yeowch
whatever you say that they're bad
hombres immigrants we're not immigrants
we are Native Americans
well we're American Americans and we
were here first
but we just saw you land on Plymouth
Rock
you mean Trump Rock and casino
hello shrimp my name is Pocahontas I'll
call you Elizabeth Warren please join us
for a feast tonight okay but I hope you
have chocolate balls
the Native Americans spent all their
harvesting their crops and cooking while
the pilgrims went back to their yard and
watched Fox and Friends which I box I
was just the Fox playing with his
friends that evening they all gathered
for traditional feast the pilgrims are
late our baked beans are getting cold
here they come we decided to make our
signature dish do you thank me later
it's a wall of corn bread and you're
going to pay for it done fabbi
esta something who says where is the
turkey I stare candana junior to hunt
for one I think I end up coming now
[Music]
hi mom and dad
hi Mexicans Deir Ezzor I told him to
dope susheela Turkey we couldn't find
the turkey but you an elephant what does
the wall the greatest giving is a
history of Thanksgivings is ruined
because of you doing it but just when
things were at their darkest but
Thanksgiving miracle happened
hi everyone I'm a bucket of KFC extra
crispy chicken
I'm finger looking good especially if
you have teeny-tiny fingers this is the
greatest day of my entire life
[Music]
[Applause]
Thank You kids
great job great job how about that that
wasn't that bad
Ronald hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is
the Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
liked it